route_id,agency_id,route_long_name,route_desc,route_type,route_url,route_color,route_text_color,route_sort_order,continuous_pickup,continuous_drop_off
FRL,FRTM,Fox River Line,Round trip between Castlemuir (South Elgin) and Blackhawk Station in the Jon Duerr Forest Preserve takes one half hour. Trains operate half hourly between these stations.,0,,D91920,FFF200,0,1,1
Bunny,FRTM,Bunny Train,"Join us for an Easter Egg hunt like you have never been on before. Enjoy an Easter trolley ride with a reading of our very own story and stop for an Easter Egg hunt. Trains depart Jon J. Duerr Forest Preserve at 11AM, 1PM and 3PM. Tickets may be purchased in advance from the Museum’s web site or on the day of the event unless tickets have sold out. Reserve early so you can get your preferred train time.",0,,D91920,FFF200,1,1,1
WWII,FRTM,Rails to Victory,"Remember our Veterans this spring by attending the Fox River Trolley Museum’s “Rails To Victory” WW2 Living History Reenactment. Experience a WW2 military encampment and view Period Battles on the banks of the Fox River. On Saturday and Sunday ride special museum trolleys into occupied France to experience the suspense and drama of the heroism of the American Allies. Special Fare on Saturday and Sunday applies, and may be purchased in advance from the Museum web site or on the day of the event unless tickets have sold out. Reserve early so you can get your preferred train time.",0,,D91920,FFF200,2,1,1
Ghost,FRTM,Ghost Story Train,Ride a spooky trolley down to the haunted forest preserve. Listen to chilling stories around the campfire while enjoying monstrously good treats. Suitable for all ages. Tickets may be purchased in advance from the Museum’s web site or on the day of the event unless tickets have sold out. Reserve early so you can get your preferred train time.,0,,D91920,FFF200,3,1,1
Polar,FRTM,POLAR EXPRESS™,"THE POLAR EXPRESS™ comes to life when the real train pulls out of the Jon J. Duerr Forest Preserve BLACKHAWK station with your family onboard. On this magical journey to the North Pole, guests will enjoy hot chocolate and cookies while listening to and reading along with this classic award winning story. At the North Pole, Santa will board the train to greet each child and hand them their own sleigh bell.",0,https://foxtrolley.org/polarexpress,D91920,FFF200,4,1,1